I'm so sorry my aunt is dying and it's
again why don't you please continue meet
Lucy Kelson Oh sir I'm so sorry you're a
needy she has a law degree from Harvard
knew my brilliant she's counsel who's
always honest with me well then honestly
I think you are the most selfish human
being on the planet well let's just
silly if you met everyone on the planet
and an eccentric billionaire boss
congratulations on the baby what baby
maybe you should check with me doc what
baby
who's driving her to the edge huh I just
felt like give it a bit chitterchat you
are pathetic this holiday season the
only way to get notice I'm not sure to
pick out a wife or to pick out your
clothes oh sorry is to give notice
consider this my two weeks notice your
cereals should I stay or should I kill
you owe me three more years or I can
stop you working anywhere else just this
morning the attorney who is planning to
quit reconsidered what did mr. Wade call
mr. Wade never called when maybe an hour
ago
make sure you massage is cloven hoof
nose out or something she a peanut
somebody asked me something named all
the Supreme Court justices Thomas
Ginsberg Scalia Stevens Kennedy
Rehnquist Souter buyer O'Connor so right
how should I know but the hardest thing
about leaving some interesting prospects
for my replacement it's gonna be a woman
oh what a surprise Oh sex thing we never
had sex
hmm never meanin thank you for that is
letting go thank you for the talk you're
my role model from Warner Brothers
pictures comes a comedy about two weeks
Georgia's asked me to go to the benefit
with him tonight
Oh between two people we're not insane
or anything with my friends
few hundred dollars thousand too close
trying to be the person that you could
be why don't you gonna be the person
you're supposed to be to know what's
happening to them Hardy already Sandra
Bullock Hugh Grant she's not interested
in money or superficial flattery or
cheap glamour so yeah what would I bring
to the relationship two weeks notice
she looks so peaceful when she's asleep
like a doll and all with a sinus problem
Oh